This is the internal prep phase internal
kickoff and alignment first day second
day integration and again 5 by 5 the
concept 5 engagements 5 phases.
To get a 5K, customer environment,
this this this things can happen to get
based on to be engagement,
I want to go AWS environment, so yeah,
my bus integration customer.
Onboarding, 4th, go inside, processor,
5th, sign off, customer, sign.
Do you have any questions?
None so far,
like multiple days per span here,
To go.
since was in P.M. of any meeting,
he get Vahapar Danish was telling day
five of your internet.
Like the meeting pause, or yes,
I like a client the next day,
Akhtar.
because this is gonna be important when
we are gonna move this out of Jira into
the delivery.
Customer customer tracking reports,
surveys, customer channels,
raise a request,
everything that is required,
your professional services,
particularly 5 by 5.
Yeah, yeah, my standard, yeah,
this is the one that is standard for all
the projects, 5 by 5, not 5 by 5,
disability rights.
Different phases to get block and enable
internal prep again, internal prep,
SOW sign, discover online,
and all of that.
Okay.
Sorry.
Take care, take care, I'm listening.
Okay, they phase five,
internally aligned requirement customer
sales document requirement.
Support requirement,
second step at the access card,
basically internal prep,
internal kick off, customer kick off,
internal alignment customers have
discussed access to access your
environment.
You move to the customer kickoff phase,
actually customer like you know you're in
the process and you're showing the
customer the stuff and everything,
basically not the the internal kickoff
customer kickoff,
so you direct your designer and review
phase, ma'am.
That is typically a day two ticket,
day two, day three.
Day 3 is basically up.
Basically,
these are the last phase of the phase
five that is launch complete,
sign off pending customer.
If that makes sense.
Yep, that does.
That does.
Take it, this is not, this is not a fiber.
Like a bunch.
Taha.
Five-step thing just like we have in this
five-phase project.
Exactly, so it's not, it's not five days,
five days start initially,
we would go with the five days process,
but now it's not the five day process,
it's more like a five step process,
five step process, internal kickoff,
internal team align.
Access request,
customer say customer job access up
officially so kick off,
requirements properly.
Two, 3 days, or 10 hours.
Select, yeah, select again.
Yeah, OK. Uh, now let's move to the board.
Yeah, but our board view app,
Oh.
this is the list view ticket.
Again?
Awab de hamar pas non 5 by 5.
May I put on five by 5? May I?
Andrew is the one leading the PM team.
Yes.
Up.
Non-five, you thought about the idea.
Non-five by 5, basically,
different POC projects migration, yeah,
Mmh.
yeah, yeah, this is the this is the.
Basic vertical ticket.
Okay.
Yes, we have the browser here.
I say, yeah.
OK, let me share my screen.
You are a paranoid.
Paranite? Okay, uh, let's...
Well, that I just found myself out there.
Awab.
Okay, yeah. Okay, so this is...
All right, that is a quick question.
The quick question,
quick question from an organization point
of view.
Have you ever worked with Pfizer before?
Uh, no. Bye.
Okay,
so no interactions with Faiza till now.
Uh, call with tea.
Gallity.
Briefly, but, but why?
Just a quick question: What do you think
about it?
About her?
Yeah.
I think she's great; she's amazing. She,
uh, because,
so I'm not sure about where her J.D. is,
but she's very responsive and stuff.
K.
Okay.
Well, that's good. That's good.
Just wanted to know.
OK, so let's move to...
The.
Process,
Danish creates the ticket and he takes or
me, but that is done,
we will move back project, assign team,
Take care.
Abegail.
for example, this is a project.
Yeah.
Okay,
this project project start over to
I guess.
description example project recently
assigned project phase,
Sure.
you can say pre-kick off phase.
To go recently assigned water.
Okay.
Skip up.
Chris assigned number to do is phase
internal prep team assigned team assigned
process making out there Chris PM
assigned implementation leader engineer.
And that's pretty much it. Take care.
Tinder.
This is what this does: the team takes a
look at the S.O.W.S.O.W.
Thank you.
Yes.
basically just scope over.
Sure.
You will see something like this: project
healthcare overall project condition,
Yeah.
that's what that tell.
It's not about on track three.
Okay.
Traffic lights projects in a good shape
in terms of like health problem budget
maybe if it's in scope and again scope.
But it's going the same way,
every week by the end of Friday,
Okay.
the team updates this entire ticket.
In blockers call out discuss the team
feedback, what we did, what we did.
Again.
Up next year, or escalations up,
let's assume project time, sleep time,
escalation period or technical decision
would be right.
You can OK.
Take it.
This is the most important part,
that is the important part,
escalation is the important part,
and then the other important part is the
dates. These are very important.
If you get back into it,
we are also working on some other
platforms as well.
To date automatically.
To go.
Good.
So,
plan kickoff date automatically populate,
populate resource, actual kickoff date,
actual customer kickoff, actual kickoff.
Excel P.M.
Delta with you architecture PCB something.
We don't need from each and every detail.
Like, I have the overall idea. Now,
I would need from you is copy all of
these things down,
and document either a confluence document
or...
You can just make a SharePoint one;
that doesn't matter, take it and Mohsin,
then I will just take up the things and
add it to, you know.
Like, uh, deliver.
Aapchare ke me Sara, Sara copy paste,
Sara template paste, careful page two.
That would be great.
Take a side or volley or or.
Like, yeah.
Yeah, come over here, export word over.
Yeah.
You were saying, Sir.
Is that to run this document?
Okay.
Los Qasim.
Yeah.
Yeah, sorry.
Select.
Ohh, okay, perfect.
Diana.
Yeah.
I can tell you about the.
The resolved one.
Big man.
Play the project.
Bigger.
So...
Aap baji batayish me bapi ke helper.
Business.
Yeah, different phases in MRA.
Taha.
Hey, Javed.
It's right here,
it's important sync right now,
then specifically, so it's easier for us.
Auto select.
There is a selector on the top.
Habib.
Yeah.
I got a search, search word.
Ahh.
Yeah, let's click on any one of these.
Let me tell you.
But then.
Yeah, that bit of layout like that.
But his number is not here. I am here.
Adil child is inactive.
Should be here, no?
He is not part of it.
Zoe should be here, no?
Exactly, that's the problem here,
you know, I don't know,
Yeah.
but Danish is also not part of which will
be inactive, so...
You get, you get, you know, upsmart and...
Yeah, what's the word? Akhtar.
Thank you.
About Spartan S.M.A.R.T. specific,
variable, achievable.
Man, man.
I am, I am not smart.
Reachable, type-specific.
That is a thing. I am not smart.
Two.
I'm oversmart. Take it.
And, and.
Thank you, Admin.
But on a separate.
Sure.
Very pretty.
There's other.
What are we?
And then, like,
that's a controversial thing.
Sorry.
I am a llama person, not a bandar.
LA up in lava, we take, yeah,
I tell many lava, lava is somebody else,
I'm not gonna say that.
Ohh, sorry, I'm showing it now, Lace.
But you are not llama, sir.
You are not OK, but sir,
Hey, this is my WhatsApp, by the way.
you are not llama. Llama is someone else.
Who is the Lama?
I will not tell you.
I just go.
Sheep get there.
Just go get it.
Taha.
Kiski was K.
Nayab, go on, tell me.
Is there any confusion that you might
need support with?
Not right now.
I am going to put everything back into
the key and run some analysis again and
come up with some things that are doable
Check out.
and some things that are not. Because I...
Jabab ke pas.
Awab.
So, like, but up something there, like,
even if it's a rough version,
not the documented version, final version,
not final, but a draft version,
then I can like see, okay, what is there,
what you're showing me is the text.
So, my mind can keep up with the stuff,
but when you will implement certain stuff,
then I will be more proactive in that
stuff like that, if it makes sense.
It does.
Yeah, perfect.
I'm going to put this up on the calendar
Bye.
for the same date. Is that okay?
Yep.
That is perfect.
No, for the last.
To get Faraz.
Two minutes now, but it will be.
Yeah.
I shared this prompt screen.
Cheater.
OK, no, when the case that I.
When the people of the.
OK, my Thursday.
Led Ali.
It's it's Wednesday, right?
I think the what girl they have, sir?
Gavan Guttadauro.
The recording.
Oh yeah,
and the recording is not really needed
anymore. Is it closed then?
Like, again,
this is just a private recording,
so it stays good, like...
Why are you?